# course-selector-electron-app
Here I just put my course selection bot -> https://github.com/zinx110/university-pre-resgistration-automate in an electron app. This was my first try with electron app also. 
The purpose was to help me make the course selection process in my university easy for me and my friends and give us advantages over other students. In each semester after mid term exams, We have to do pre registration for next semester and select courses and timings. But the offered courses are limited so it becomes a war on the day for who gets to claim their courses before. We'd stay online and keep refreshing the university management system portal from one hour before because some times it opens some times before. And the courses gets filled up within a minute when it opens. Also the university portal gets so slow because of all the sudents logging in at once for this. even after the university splits the students in 4 different slots and assigns them 4 different dates based on their admission year, it still have 1200+ students assigned for each day and the server can't handle it well and gets too slow.  
So I thought if I make this bot, it'll reduce a few seconds of looking through all the options and selecting the courses one by one. The bot would log in, keep looking for the "Next" button in the registration page, if it doesnt find, it will go back to home and  wait 10 seconds and go back to registration page and look for next button again in a loop. when it opens, it will look for the correct course and correct class and select the courses for me and play a sound to alert me. 

So far I have been succefful until going to the course selection page. But I was hesitant to actually make it select cuz if it clicks on already selected ones, it will unselect my course and make me lose the course and make me go behind an entire semester.

I will drop any further work with this bot because the last time I was confident after coding the click function but my university portal got so slow it logged the bot off and also me on my browser which i kept open for backup if the bot messes up. Then the bot was not able to fill in login form, I made sure it doesn't happen by increasing wait time and it worked previous semester but this time it wasn't putting in the credentials ( it was doing just fine an hour ago before the university opened the pre registration for us at assigned time 4 pm). Took me 3-4 minutes to log in manually again and select the courses, this made me lost 2 courses classes on my planned time, well I was able to choose another different time on the spot. Anyways, now I need to wait 4 months months till next semester to test the bot again. already did that 3 semester and I dont wanna keep doing this anymore. Maybe I will continue, maybe I wont. I'll see to it when next semester comes. Although I think the code is complete so might give it a try again next semester. 
